README.md, before:

# knowledge-cutoff-awareness

A lightweight skill set to give AI agents "current time awareness".

## Features
- **Cross-Platform Support**: Works consistently on macOS, Linux, and Windows using a Node.js-based script.
- **Unified Date Calculation**: Provides simple syntax for date manipulation (e.g., `+1d`, `-1w`) across all operating systems.
- **Agent Optimization**: Helps LLMs accurately grasp the current system time, mitigating knowledge cutoff limitations.
- **Simple Integration**: Just place it under `.agent/skills` and it's ready to use.

## Installation

### Via npm (Recommended)

Run the following commands in your project's root directory:

```bash
npm install git+https://github.com/imkohenauser/knowledge-cutoff-awareness.git
npx knowledge-cutoff-awareness-install
```

This will install the skill into `.agent/skills/knowledge-cutoff-awareness`.

### Via Git Clone

You can also clone the repository directly into your skills directory:

```bash
mkdir -p .agent/skills
git clone https://github.com/imkohenauser/knowledge-cutoff-awareness.git .agent/skills/knowledge-cutoff-awareness
```

## Usage

Once installed, the agent will automatically recognize this skill (if the `.agent/skills` path is configured).
See [SKILL.md](./.agent/skills/knowledge-cutoff-awareness/SKILL.md) for details.

Commit message:

feat: enhance skill with tests, improved docs, and robust scripts for Antigravity

README.md, after:

# Knowledge Cutoff Awareness

> Created for **Google Antigravity IDE**.

A lightweight skill set to give AI agents "current time awareness".

## Features
- **Cross-Platform Support**: Works consistently on macOS, Linux, and Windows using a Node.js-based script.
- **Unified Date Calculation**: Provides simple syntax for date manipulation (e.g., `+1d`, `-1w`) across all operating systems.
- **Agent Optimization**: Helps LLMs accurately grasp the current system time, mitigating knowledge cutoff limitations.
- **Simple Integration**: Just place it under `.agent/skills` and it's ready to use.

## Installation

### Via npm (Recommended)

Run the following commands in your project's root directory:

```bash
npm install git+https://github.com/imkohenauser/knowledge-cutoff-awareness.git
npx knowledge-cutoff-awareness-install
```

This will install the skill into `.agent/skills/knowledge-cutoff-awareness`.

### Via Git Clone

You can also clone the repository directly into your skills directory:

```bash
mkdir -p .agent/skills
git clone https://github.com/imkohenauser/knowledge-cutoff-awareness.git .agent/skills/knowledge-cutoff-awareness
```

## Usage

Once installed, the agent will automatically recognize this skill (if the `.agent/skills` path is configured).
See [SKILL.md](./.agent/skills/knowledge-cutoff-awareness/SKILL.md) for details.

## Agent Skills

This project is an **Agent Skill**. Skills are an open standard for extending agent capabilities. A skill is a folder containing a `SKILL.md` file with instructions that the agent can follow when working on specific tasks.

References:
- https://agentskills.io/home
- https://antigravity.google/docs/skills

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
